The four-shouldered horse sodwell
Let's go out! Please guide me!
atte no choice
To botanical bench
At the benches
From the back
The white patch
He ventured in the gate
As it challenge around the port
When he crossed the bridge, he cut four white horses on the right hand.
On the left is the temple of Yoshima, on the right is the house of Kagasama.
He cut the two trees straight ahead, beyond Kanyasu, and went down the mountain of Igi-don.
If you follow the house of Mutozama, you will pass the Ageba.
If you cut to the right, you will reach Kaguradaka, Bishamonmai, Saganamaki, Torideramaki, and Yaraishita.
If you follow the house of Mutozama, you will reach the Koman.
You will not find the Koman.
I said it.
The feeling of love.
If you come to the front of the library,
you will find the Koman.
The ceiling, the ceiling, the roof, the village, the land, the military, the school, the school,
the audience, the 😀 home Skype that therar far because because
Play on a Wii Now
Thank you for watching!